For seasons, UEFA has wanted to form a league of the elite teams. This would, in effect, be a closed shop as the only criteria would be money with no promotion or relegation from this league. Even by winning the Premier League, teams such as Leicester would never be allowed to join. It spells the end of football for the true fans who dream their team will win a trophy, a promotion or the league title. Logan44, High Wycombe.I'm as up for bashing UEFA as the next man, some would say even more so, but this really isn't true. The Champions League wealth distribution may be a joke, and Michel Platini may have climbed into bed with the elite clubs over financial fair play, but there has never been any attempt or suggestion that the Champions League should become a closed shop. If anything, Platini promoted smaller clubs from countries that were being shut out, by introducing the 'Champions route' to the group stage. So this really isn't UEFA's doing. It is the clubs that are trying to create discussion around closing off the Champions League to those outside the elite; or more realistically reserving places for members of the established order, such as AC Milan or Manchester United. Now it has gone down like a lead balloon the four chief executives of Manchester United, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool – and one chairman, Bruce Buck of Chelsea – are all desperately trying to distance themselves from the meeting at the Dorchester with Charlie Stillitano, one of the organisers of the International Champions Cup. I'd even speculate the sudden agreement over a £30 cap for away tickets is an attempt at damage limitation and to garner some favourable PR. Too late. They have been made to look like fools, meeting such a man. The International Champions Cup is a pre-season friendly tournament that Stillitano mistakenly thinks is considered important. He wants to muscle in on UEFA's action, by creating an alternate Champions League just for big clubs.   \n Riyad Mahrez (right) scored at Watford as Leicester continued to make all the running in the title raceIn Europe, some of the biggest see it as a way of pressuring UEFA into giving them guaranteed places; over here, five met Stillitano, presumably to see what was in it for them. I wrote a column about it on Monday, quoting Claudio Ranieri's devastating assessment of the big five, as scared. He's right, too. As I wrote in a previous column, published on December 9, 2015, they are terrified that the invasion of mid-table clubs such as Leicester and West Ham may become the norm. Yet much like some of their football this season, their timing has been rotten. Just as the rest of the country are buckling up for the closing stages of the most exciting, unexpected title race, arguably of all-time, the self-appointed big five are pictured in a clandestine meeting with a man who wants to strangle the future of the English game at birth. This could be the season when it all changes: entitlement, expectation, possibility, the imbalance of power. But Stillitano is a man with a plan, and what he needs are accomplices stupid enough to help him try to execute it. That is where our five – Buck, Ed Woodward, Ivan Gazidis, Ferran Soriano and Ian Ayre come in. But here's the good news. The fans, of clubs big and small, hate it. The condemnation has been close to total. And since writing the piece I have had calls from representatives of some of those clubs – not all – back-tracking on what they were looking to get out of the meeting. Arsenal, for instance, say that they are completely opposed to any club gaining an automatic Champions League place, without a qualification process. We shall see. We're pretty much all on the same side this week. No doubt we'll find something to disagree on sooner or later. In the meantime, here's a song about something else that was great from Leicester. Joe Orton. As he might have told the Big Five about being caught red-handed: 'It's what's called a dilemma, boy. You are on the horns of it.'That Leicester City have come from being relegated in the year Arsenal last won the title to mounting a better title challenge than they have in 12 years is a sad indictment of Arsene Wenger's reign. KennyA87, London.I can see where you are coming from, Kenny, and I agree it does not reflect well on the elite clubs if Leicester win the league. Yet there is a temptation to see Leicester's success only through the failure of others, and I've been guilty of that myself. 'What will it say about Arsenal/Tottenham/Manchester United/Manchester City, if Leicester win the league?' It's an understandable reaction, but I think that undervalues how well Ranieri and his players have done. Yes, I have no doubt there will be a lot of managers and owners kicking themselves over what is perceived to be a missed opportunity this season, but look beyond the name and Leicester have been outperforming them for a year now. I know their resources are inferior, and their history is inferior – but this team, and what they have been doing with it as a collective, is not.As a Manchester City fan, I fully agree that it is disgusting to have a closed shop European competition, but I don't feel bad for City taking part in discussions. As you say, we as the nouveau-riche are resented and the old money would love to exclude us from the table. We need to make sure we don't give them a chance; boycotting the scenario wouldn't disturb their sleep in the slightest and would simply leave City weakened. We need the weight of clubs such as Manchester United, Barcelona and Real Madrid to stamp out these ideas. Jim Regan, Sunderland.Yes, we can all see why Manchester City are there. If there is any skulduggery going on, they want to be in the loop. It's a pragmatic attitude, but not a greatly principled one and judging by the reaction on here it has left a lot of their fans disappointed, too.It would be a fantastic finish to the season to end with no elite clubs in the top four. Ang, United Kingdom. Certainly, if West Ham could join Leicester and Tottenham it would be a campaign with the potential to change our expectations of English football.This isn't a European league – it's the big five basically telling the rest of the Premier League that they are responsible for the mega bucks television deals. In the next few years even the team coming 20th will get £100m. In five years' time they'll probably get £40m with the big five receiving a top-up. Unfair? They do have a point. Liverpool might be rubbish but they sell subscriptions. Mike, Doncaster.It is the collective bargaining of the Premier League that has made it strong. Europe's major clubs cannot catch ours financially in terms of broadcast revenue – so why follow their economic model? It will need 14 votes to change the Premier League broadcast distribution rules, with one club, one vote. And Liverpool do not sell as many subscriptions as you think. According to Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore the only club that would be hugely better off without collective bargaining is Manchester United. Some would do slightly better, some around the same; most would be worse off. Why would they vote to change the split? It's a non-starter.Why are Liverpool mentioned in these discussions? Seriously. Akin, Doha.Because they were present at the meeting, and have a significant foreign fanbase. And seriously, isn't this a bit more important than a point scoring exercise?Bit of a scare story this. The five teams involved could not risk the disinterest it might cause, and then the whole house tumbles. They may fear the odd year without the Champions League but if this move failed the result could be a disaster with no going back. Bulli, Buckinghamshire. The worry being there are some of Europe's major clubs that are currently desperate enough to take that gamble for the short-term gain, worrying about the consequences later.This is the latest idea by the big boys to preserve their place at the trough. Financial fair play didn't work because Manchester City and Tottenham have also got a few quid, now Leicester have a team not a load of individual egos, are threatening them and the big boys don't like it. The league table doesn't lie – if you do not qualify for the Champions League through your league position then you don't deserve to be in the Champions League. I think it should be for league winners only and revert back to the European Cup, UEFA Cup and European Cup Winners Cup. There was nothing wrong with that. Limerickpool, Ormskirk. I think the Champions League is a better tournament than the old European Cup – certainly if the fact that nobody has retained it in its modern format is anything to go by – and once it had expanded there really was no place for Cup Winners' Cup. I changed my mind on this. When the Champions League first came about, I thought as you did. Outrageous. How can they call it a Champions League when half the teams are not even champions? But then two things happened: the first was that I found I preferred the modern competition, the quality was better and there were fewer mismatches. Secondly, I accepted the battle was lost. I couldn't keep banging on about the European Cup because the Champions League was obviously here to stay. So I had to accept that and work with it. What was I going to do, preface every mention of it with the same dull rant about the European Cup? I had the same problem when the Football League ditched Division Three and Four. How ridiculous, I thought. I'm damned if I'm calling it League One and League Two. In my column, it will always be Division Two, Three and Four. But you can't win. Every time I wrote Division Two, meaning the Championship, readers thought I meant League Two, meaning Division Four, and it was a mess. I spent more time explaining the unique language of the column than I did getting my point across. There's a saying in newspapers: never start a campaign you can't win. It's not bad advice in life, either. Pick your battles. The European Cup isn't coming back, and UEFA will never return to the Champions-only format. Get used to it, work with what you have, and move on.Qualification without competition is the end of English football. The FA and Premier League should ban these clubs for five years, then see how their brand develops. Phil 1965, Leicester.Ban them for what? Having tea at the Dorchester? They haven't done a thing except take a meeting yet. Anyway, see the reply above. Banning Arsenal, Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City and Liverpool? Phil, it isn't going to happen.  \n Manchester United crashed out of the Champions League before Christmas as they lost at WolfsburgThe only one not bothered by any of this is the unaccountable, untouchable Wenger. In fact, he might just take credit for Leicester's success as his opinion on them a few weeks back was that he always said you don't need to spend big to be successful. Of course we'll overlook the fact that he hasn't been able to do it himself for over a decade. Then, when asked why Barcelona had pulled so far ahead of Arsenal, he said it was due to their spending power. So what is it, do you need money or not? Why does no journalist ever call him on the contradictory BS he spouts week in and week out? Once again he brags in a press conference about reaching the Champions League 17 years in a row. He should be ashamed, the man who built a stadium and destroyed a club. It should be his epitaph. Wenger out. Chris Butler, Devon.He most certainly hasn't destroyed Arsenal, Chris, and to reach the Champions League 17 years straight is one hell of an achievement. Manchester United haven' t done it, neither have Bayern Munich or AC Milan. I've got to admit, I'm with Wenger on this, I find the constant speculation over whether he is doing a good or bad job very boring. I cannot remember the last time I went on the Sunday Supplement when we didn't spend at least one segment of the show discussing whether Wenger had lost it, or whether this was going to be Arsenal's season. It's a constant cycle of boom and bust. One minute, in Wenger we trust; the next he's ruined the club. As for his views on Leicester and Barcelona, he's right on both counts. Leicester are proving it's not all about money; Barcelona' s success shows it rather helps if you have it, though. And before I am accused of being another journalist who never calls him on his opinions, here is an excerpt from a column in The Times, from 2003, in the aftermath of the famous Battle of Old Trafford, when Arsenal's indiscipline was at its height – but so was their football. And strangely no Arsenal fan wanted Wenger calling on anything then.'The accent clouds the issue. As a nation, we simply cannot believe that a man as cultured, urbane, well-mannered and intelligent as Arsene Wenger can marshal the mewling bunch of juveniles that frequently masquerade as his first-team at Arsenal. We see the man and we like him. We study his dark side, 52 red cards in seven years, and cannot equate the two. Wenger's captain Vieira is the worst behaved player in Premier League history, his team are beyond control and Robert Pires is a big cheat whose behaviour against Portsmouth two weeks ago was an affront to all definitions of sporting decency. Yet because Arsenal's coach has the pleasing demeanour of a sophisticate, we fawn over him like the embassy guests in the Ferrero Rocher advert as the cheapo chocolates are handed round. 'Oh, Ambassador, you are spoiling us.' It's embarrassing.'I wish Leicester all the best for this season. The danger is the summer. They need to keep Ranieri and defend all comers against the big clubs taking their best players. Ranieri will be one of the most sought after managers in the world. A few things have worked to their favour this year, but if they lose key players and Ranieri, then they could, sadly, be relegation fodder again. MC, London.You are right, MC, they will be tested in the summer, but also next season, with extra games and other teams having sussed out their playing style. It will naturally be harder for them. Tee, London.I take it you're glass half-empty kind of guys. Let Leicester worry about pulling off the most astonishing feat in the history of English football, then they can think about the summer and next season.You can just see it now. Leicester go into final game two points ahead of Arsenal. Chelsea pull out their performance of the season to win 1-0 and save themselves from relegation, while Arsenal drop kick Aston Villa into the Championship with a 5-0 win to secure the title. All those little Foxes will be crying like pussycats. Lolleo, United Kingdom.With an imagination like that you should work for the funny papers. Chelsea have 40 points already with nine games remaining, so how are they going to be fighting relegation; Villa will be long gone before the final game of the season; and to be within two points of Leicester on the last day, Arsenal would have to make up 0.75 points per game on them between now and the end of the season, with Tottenham performing equally badly. If it ends in tears for Leicester, it is unlikely to be Arsenal causing the upset.I'm surprised that the top teams in France, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Germany don't come together to form a European league that will rival the Premier League and become the globally recognised European football league. It would quickly harm the Premier League brand. Benjsr, London.And who would be the Norwich City in that league? Because somebody must.The big five clubs of the Premier League have spent hundreds of millions of pounds to buy the best players. For this Leicester deserves to win not only the title, but also the Nobel Prize for Economics. Fantaroby74, Italy.The last recipient was Angus Deaton, who is the Dwight D. Eisenhower Professor of International Affairs and Professor of Economics and International Affairs at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and the Department of Economics at Princeton. I rather like the idea that he would be succeeded by Steve Walsh, assistant manager and head of recruitment, Leicester City.Could not agree more with the column. The only thing to add is maybe UEFA could invite Manchester United or Liverpool into the qualifying stages if they forked out say €20m for the privilege and had to go into that tortuous path of facing the fourth placed teams from Germany or Spain, and not the champions of Liechtenstein. MJ175, Swansea.I don't know if you are being facetious, but no compromise, never. Anyway, €20m is about what United paid for Bastian Schweinsteiger; so it would be worth the gamble, financially. And now, time for something equally uncompromising. The welcome return of The Fall. One for Charlie Stillitano and friends, this.Ian Ayre is one of the buffoons at Liverpool who got rid of Kenny Dalglish for Brendan Rodgers. Senior management, my arse. Wmmajor-06, Liverpool.Rodgers took Liverpool to the brink of their first title in the modern era. I'm not sure Dalglish's regime was heading that way.As a 30-year season ticket holder at Manchester United who goes home and away, what would a 20-team European Super League actually mean? Not everyone can be top three, and with no relegation, no threat of going down, the vast majority of games would swiftly become meaningless. Few local rivalries, no banter, and a limited number of away trips as the costs and time off work would just be too much. It would be football only for a TV audience, particularly the foreign market. The excitement because we are playing Real Madrid for the first time in 10 years would become just another game. Ugh. Not for me. You earn the right to play at the highest level. Chrism, Manchester.For all the reasons you mention – but mainly the first one – the European Super League will not happen. Even the five twits around that table in the Dorchester would agree with most of your points – right up until that moment about earning the right to play at the highest level. They think you can buy, or at least negotiate, that right. And that's where they are wrong.It's dollar colonialism once again. Guy Fox, United Kingdom.Nice phrase – and spot on.The point is that in these leagues you have to work much harder because all the teams are playing more constantly and on a much higher level than the Premier League, where in the last 10 years you have only had three different clubs winning title. In Germany it is four teams. This year there is a huge gap of 40 points between fifth and the worst club, in Germany it is 20 points. The gap between the first and second is the same in Germany and the Premier League, the only difference being that in Germany real top teams are fighting for first place, in the Premier League a limited club can dominate the league. It says a lot about the strength of the Premier League. Emerson, Germany.  I can't work out why we associate Germans with arrogance, can you? Had to rewind a bit to find those four German champions, though, didn't you Emerson? Why not deal with the last five years? In that time, England has had three different champions – perhaps soon to be four, if Leicester, Tottenham, or outside bet Arsenal come through – while Germany has had two. Indeed, if the team currently leading both leagues comes through, England will have had four different champions in four years and Germany will have had one. Bayern Munich. In fact, Munich have won seven of the last 11 German titles, in a period when the most dominant club in England has been Manchester United, with five. It was 2008-09 when the English league title was last retained, whereas Munich are on course for four titles straight and before that Borussia Dortmund won it back-to-back. So the German title has been retained three out of the last four seasons, soon to be four in five. Meanwhile, the Premier League has changed hands seven years straight. Now you may pompously presume this equates to real top teams fighting for first place, but do you know what the rest of the world calls it: boring. That's why your people are tearing their hair out that Bayern Munich aren't as interesting to broadcasters as Norwich City, and are angling for some elite closed shop in Europe. Do you know how many times a team has won the title four years on the spin in England, Emerson? Never. Also, maths is taking quite a beating in your post. The points differential between fifth and last place in the Bundesliga is 20 points, is it? And in England that's 40 points, yes? Rubbish. Mainz have 40 points, Hannover 96 have 17. I make that 23. West Ham have 49 points, Aston Villa 16, so I make that 33. Come on, mate, that's infant school subtraction, or did you just quote false numbers to make your point work, and hope I wouldn't check? I always check, Emerson. And I factor in other significant information, too – such as games played. In the Premier League it's 29 so far, in the Bundesliga 25. So the difference between Mainz and Hannover is 0.92 points per game, and between West Ham and Aston Villa it's 1.13. So not much difference at all, really. Also, Villa are one of the worst Premier League teams in recent memory, and are eight points adrift. Hannover are only four away from Hoffenheim. A more interesting comparison is surely between fifth and first. West Ham are 11 points off Premier League leaders Leicester; Mainz trail even a faltering Bayern Munich side by 23 points – and that's in just 25 games, remember. And that's why nobody wants to watch Mainz versus Cologne, and Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola are ditching Germany for England. It's where the action is right now, and we don't have to make up numbers to demonstrate it. I do wonder how much the five involved genuinely want this to happen or if one club is just panicking that the other four will leave them behind. Ian1871, Swansea.Agreed, Ian. I think one club in particular is very worried by recent developments. Guess who.Stephen M Ross of the Miami Dolphins is the driving force in this? He owns a franchise in a closed shop league with no relegation, that last reached the Superbowl in 1984 and lost, and has only got to the post season twice since 2000. Maybe he should fix his own franchise before poking his nose into the Premier League. Movedtoaus, Queensland.A franchise that is doing so well there is talk of moving it from Miami, too. Ross only took over in February 2008, so in fairness cannot be held responsible for the wilderness years prior to that. The fact that the Dolphins have not won so much as the AFC East – a four team league – since he arrived could be considered his responsibility, however. As could the fact his team finished bottom of that again this season, with six wins and 10 losses, making them 11th out of 16 in the American Football Conference. The Dolphins have made the play-offs once since 2001, last made the Superbowl in 1984 and last won it in 1973. And this is the man who wants to take charge of football in Europe. He's basically the owner of Sunderland.Yet Ross still makes as much as every other NFL team. They share revenue. It is like a circus: entertainment, performance, no real sport. Nick, New York.Quite right, Nick. Except his plan for European football would remove the one healthy principle of American sport – the way revenue, and trades, are organised so that no club can become too strong – and remove it, leaving the worst of all possible worlds: Europe's elitism and America's closed shop.I don't think Chelsea were at a 'similar level' to Leicester prior to Roman Abramovich, as you suggest. They got to an FA Cup final in 1994, won it in 1997, did a League Cup and European Cup Winners Cup double in 1998, then won the UEFA Super Cup. They won the FA Cup in 2000, reached another FA Cup final in 2002, and played Champions League football and reached fourth the season before Abramovich arrived. I'm pretty sure Chelsea were at least a step above Leicester. Ash1989, Farnborough.Yes, they were, but not so far that they should feel entitled to edge them out regardless of current achievements. My point was that Chelsea's last trophy prior to Abramovich was the FA Cup won in 2000, and Leicester's last trophy was the League Cup won in 2000, so they are not entirely dissimilar. The phrase I used was that the new elite 'contains clubs that were once no different, and certainly no better, than those they now bitterly resent'. Certainly, that applies to Manchester City and, to a lesser extent, Chelsea. I saw Chelsea relegated by Middlesbrough in 1988. We shouldn't pretend they were not once a club exactly like Leicester.  \n Leicester captain Matt Elliott (left) lifted the League Cup at Wembley back in 2000 - he scored twice in the finalThe big clubs will just buy Jamie Vardy, Danny Drinkwater and N'Golo Kante, if not this summer, then next. Steviejay99, Colchester.Not entirely sure about that, Steve. For a start, Vardy plays in a very specific way and if a club did not serve that style, he would not be the same player. I don't see him as a player that every club would want. Kante would fit in anywhere, true, but Drinkwater? Would he be the huge player for another club that he is at Leicester, or would he become just one of a number in midfield? Why miss out on this amazing ride to become another Morgan Schneiderlin at Manchester United? I'm certain clubs, here and abroad, will target Riyad Mahrez but this is his stand-out season, don't forget. He played 32 games for Leicester the previous year and scored four goals. Maybe clubs will want to see back-to-back seasons of excellence, before committing the sort of money Leicester would be asking. And, with the new TV deal plus Champions League revenue, Leicester no longer have to sell.  Sometimes players suit a certain club. Chelsea raided Atletico Madrid in 2014. Diego Costa worked out, Filipe Luis was back there a year later. Atletico and manager Diego Simeone have a very specific style, too.If my club, Manchester United, are advocating this then quite frankly I'm ashamed of them. I would hope we'd have better judgement and given that we've shied away from things like organising our own TV rights deal in the past I'd really hope we'd think twice about it and what it could mean. Football in this country is doing well and, yes, it could be better. We could do more for young English players and managers, we could attract a bit more quality from Spain but we have competition, and others don't. This plan doesn't work without us because no other league could bring five teams to the table that command so much attention worldwide. We should use that to say no. Lewis, Manchester.All valid points, particularly the idea that the English clubs should be the resistance movement. Sadly, I feel desperation creeping in at United as the post-Ferguson slump continues. Another season out of the Champions League and I wonder if United will consider pressing the doomsday button of individual television rights. Put it this way: I am not expecting a joint statement condemning the idea of closed shop Champions League places any time soon.The International Champions Cup was always a reformatted Champions League trial run. This tournament started off the same as any other poxy pre-season affair with teams from England versus those from other nations to win a tin cup, but then they introduced a few more domestic clashes, for example Liverpool against Manchester United in 2014. They built the sponsorship up and were testing the water, and the fans showed they would spend the money to watch these clashes. A reformatted Champions League is just a trial run for the European Super League they all truly cherish. Think about it: they will take 32 of the 'elite' teams, split them into two divisions of 16, have them play each other home and away, then split the divisions into two further groups of eight, and these teams will then play each other twice in neutral countries, probably the USA and somewhere like Abu Dhabi. They will have the relegation and promotion that football fans crave, but still the closed shop they really want. And sadly it'll work. BigKev82, Skelmersdale.That's a very well thought out plan, Kev. You're not on the staff at the Dorchester by any chance? Yes, I certainly see how that would appeal to the major clubs, but football without fans suffers, and I think the fans will reject that in time, not least because of travel costs. Equally, there is something special about playing Leeds for Manchester United fans, a rivalry that cannot be repeated by yearly games against Olympiakos. And what of the clubs that get stuck in the lower reaches of Division Two, endless dead rubbers, with not even a battle against relegation to spark excitement? I can see why the league you envisage could be the end game for some club owners; but I don't agree with your final point. It won't work.The Americans just don't get why the rest of the world have no love for their sports – it's because they are bland. The same teams play every year – and what self-respecting fan would follow a new franchise? Triforce, Tipperary.I tell people I love baseball, but I don't, really. I love the play-offs. Before that, there are just too many dead rubbers. The last few weeks of the season, if there are still play-off issues to be decided, I'll take an interest. Then when the post-season begins, I watch it every moment I can. But you are right. The closed shop makes the season bland. On the day that Manchester City play Manchester United, March 20, Newcastle are at home to Sunderland. Both great games, for very different reasons. Yet without relegation, what would Newcastle and Sunderland matter, beyond local bragging rights?I think all Tottenham fans would agree that if we don't win it, we would like Leicester to win it. Ultradot, London.And vice versa. Viktor-LCFC, Leicester.Oh, get a room, the pair of you.Very nice words to use about these 'little clubs' you constantly write about. How about you, Mr Big Martin Samuel, stop writing about them for a few months so you can really show your disdain for these self-proclaimed elite clubs and their fans? My guess is you will continue to peddle your sense of entitlement because you need them. Usedtoit, Manchester.You know the amazing thing about this newspaper, mate? It always comes out. And there is always just enough news to go around. No blank pages. No day when nothing has happened, even on days when nothing has happened. It's like the column. Comes out in the summer when there is no football, comes out in the winter when there is.If I needed to go through any month without mentioning a club – any club – I could. In Wednesday's column I had room for six items. I always make a list of potential column ideas before I sit down to write, and do you know how many items I had? Thirty three. So if I was to remove all mention of, say, Manchester United, I would have written up Maria Sharapova as the lead instead of the piece about the Europa League last-16 game with Liverpool, ditched two other short pieces that didn't make the cut anyway and still had 30 items to choose from. Without any mention of those big-five clubs I was still juggling 23 pieces covering tennis, rugby, athletics, horse racing, international football, sports betting, Formula 1, the politics of Yorkshire cricket club, Barcelona, the Football Association, and any number of smaller clubs such as Everton, Leeds and Crystal Palace. The big five do tend to dominate sports discussion in this country, but there is plenty of other stuff to write about, too. I'm not on a YOP scheme here. This is what I do for a living.The teams that are described as the most successful do change, so any closed shop could look pretty silly in a few years anyway. Without genuine competition, interest would soon dry up. Sonicboom 208, Southampton.What the clubs want is to be able to define themselves as elite without the hassle of proving it. If there is an elite league, and you are always part of it, then you are by definition elite. If you have to qualify, and can't, your brand image is tainted.This is a freak season. Leicester win many games by the odd goal, even when getting battered, while everyone else can't string two results together. Teams are not running scared of them, that doesn`t make any sense, and to say it is arrogant surely?  Leicester won't win the Premier League and next season will not finish top eight, especially once the European games kick in. I like Ranieri but he should have kept quiet here, as I think now his team will begin to fail and this outburst will have been partly to blame. Sandy Rubberleg, United Kingdom.Outburst? What outburst? He gave a straight answer, and the right one, too. Of course this meeting is motivated by fear. I've had conversations with senior people at these clubs when you can hear it: the worry that Leicester are not the exception, and there will be increasing challenges from teams that were previously considered second rate.  And far from being arrogant, Ranieri has already advanced the possibility that Leicester could be eighth, or mid-table, next season. He's a realist, too. Yes, Leicester have won 11 games by the odd goal this season, while Tottenham and Arsenal have won six each. But I'd say that shows courage to hold a lead. It wasn't less of a victory when Arsenal beat Leicester 2-1, or when Leicester beat Tottenham 1-0 either.Sandy, you're totally wrong. This is not a freak season at all. It is the new Premier League awash with money from bottom to top which means it's no longer simply the big five who covet the best players. Tottenham, West Ham and even Stoke, Crystal Palace and Southampton have brought in players that previously would only have gone to the top four because they now have the financial power. I am sick of hearing people talk about Leicester blowing up at some point. We are 29 games in, at what point do you realise this is not just some good run they are on? Chipmonkadidooda, Barnsley.I agree. Slaven Bilic summed it up last week. He said that Salomon Rondon is a very good striker but, previously, if West Bromwich Albion had wanted him they would have had to sell Saido Berahino to make it work financially. Now, they can buy Rondon, keep Berahino, and play the two together, making them a significant force. Equally, while it is very hard for a club like Manchester City to improve, because they are operating at a high level already, the leap that can be taken by a club such as Crystal Palace, for instance, is huge and could put them on the shoulder of the leading five clubs. Palace have room to make substantial improvement; an existing elite club can only improve by degrees, particularly when the very best players continue to go to Spain.Chip, so what if it's 'awash' with money? The big clubs can still outspend the likes of Leicester. End of the day, Manchester United are a shambles, yet they're only just behind the Champions League places, whereas West Ham are having a magnificent season and have only gone slightly ahead of them. That's context for you. Leicester put in a run like this season in season out, as Manchester United, Arsenal Chelsea and Manchester City have in the past, then come back and start mouthing off about a new world order. Until then, it's a freak season where Leicester and Tottenham have turned up, and the establishment haven't. Xherdan Shaqiri isn't at Stoke because they could compete with the top four's finances. If the likes of Chelsea or Manchester City wanted him, he'd be there. The Voice of Reasons, United Kingdom.Who was mouthing off? There are a lot of people in football – and I mean, a lot – who see this as a very significant season in the evolution of the Premier League. Given the gulf in resources it is very unlikely if Leicester could maintain an assault on the top four. The point is that next season might bring another Leicester, and a different Leicester the year after. And even if the established order rule the roost again next year, the chances are it will be a harder league to win, with many stronger teams in the middle. And that isn't mouthing off. This is mouthing off.Spin the argument whichever way suits, but the simple fact of the matter is this: Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal have taken the Premier League to dizzying heights. Latterly Chelsea joined the club and all have countless millions of fans worldwide, which generates the money machine. If these four clubs moved to a different league, what do you realistically believe will happen? Do you really think the planet will tune in every week to watch any of the rest, or do you think that they will tune in to watch the new league? A clue would be that we already have a league of poorer clubs and we call it the Championship. How many people around the world outside the clubs that play there would pay to watch that? Liverpool have a global fanbase, hence they can fill stadiums for friendlies across the world. It is all about worldwide fans and money. Blackburn bought the league, so what? Who pays to watch them now? It's the same with Manchester City – who pays to watch them? Over time, things may well change, but here and now it's the big clubs that swell the coffers. Mickey214, United Kingdom.I don't think Liverpool have taken the Premier League to dizzying heights, Mickey, considering they have never won it. And if they were the weak link in any new competition, as seems likely, how long do you think their foreign fanbase would stay loyal? As I have said many times before, it is not a sophisticated market. A fan with a TV subscription is not devoted like a home fan who goes to matches or lives in the town. He can flip his allegiance when his team fails, as many do. Manchester City have a growing foreign market. As the song goes, where were they, when City were s***? Maybe supporting Liverpool, Leeds, Newcastle or even Blackburn. They've all had their moments. I imagine there were more Newcastle supporters abroad when Kevin Keegan was in charge that first time than there are now.Based on this season, I would certainly tune in to watch Leicester, Watford and Bournemouth over Liverpool and Manchester United. It's greed in the hands of powerful people that sucks the soul and competition out of football. Jon, Lancaster.And it's the whole package as well, Jon. The emergence of Bournemouth, Leicester top of the league, the continuing struggles of Liverpool and Manchester United. How will it all end? Once all suspense and drama is removed, why watch any of it?You only have to read the comments sections on here to see that Stillitano's false beliefs are widespread. Mancsaint, Fareham.Delightfully, I'm not sure that is true. There was a lot of response to Monday' s column and you could count those in favour of a super league pretty much on one hand. A huge number of people identified themselves as fans of one of the big five, then said they would pack it in if this came to be. The Debate column is largely about contrary views so I haven't used many of the posts in agreement, but there were plenty of them. Here's one.Ranieri is completely right, and I am an Arsenal fan. The big clubs, no matter how they became so, whether it was self-built or because of a billionaire benefactor, have an entitlement that this season is doing wonders to drum out of them. This American idea is a cup of champions, where actual current success doesn't count for anything and it is what a club earns that counts. Why not call it the 'Fallen Champions League'? Sodoff Baldrick, London.It could be like the Seniors Tour in golf, except full of teams that were good 10 years ago, rather than players.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n  \n Italian Claudio Ranieri, the Leicester manager, is right to say the big-five clubs are scaredWhat happens to the bottom clubs in this closed shop when the elite of the elite dominate? Is there going to be a bidding and quota system for the best players, which is the only way the American model works? Rick, Spain.Of course not, Rick – they'll be like weasels in a sack.I'd like Leicester to win the Premier League, too, but everyone seems to forget what happened at the beginning with the brothel and the racism in Thailand. Kab111, Marbella.Leicester did not forget. They dismissed the players involved, and eventually Nigel Pearson, the manager, left too. Taking that into account I don't really get your point. Evostic, London.Nor me, although with all this talk about Jamie Vardy: The Movie it would make for an interesting first scene. 'The film opens on a brothel in Thailand. Several Leicester players are racially abusing a prostitute…' Leicester are going to repeat the similar miracle performed by Denmark at the 1992 European Championship and Greece in 2004. Deepsource, London.Considering that Denmark did not actually qualify in 1992 – but got in due to sanctions affecting Yugoslavia – they actually only played five games to win heir trophy. Leicester have to slog through 38. Even Greece only played 14 matches, from qualification to final. All were feats, but I still think Leicester would be pulling off the greatest shock.If Dimitri Payet had not been injured for West Ham and Roberto Martinez had an ounce of defensive coaching ability, the top four may have finished Leicester, Tottenham, West Ham and Everton. Flett, Hampshire.Interesting point, certainly there are many at Everton who look at the teams near the top of this league and wonder if this was a big chance missed.What Leicester plays is not football, it's volleyball. Kasper Schmeichel to Vardy, or Schmeichel to Mahrez. Nellore, United States.It isn't as direct as you say but, even if it were, it would be up to the other teams to beat it. That's the game.They've hardly got the big five running scared. No disrespect to Leicester but this is a one season wonder, it happens now and then, and they are taking full advantage of the situation with no cup competitions to distract them. Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City have had managerial issues, Manchester United's manager is a joke who is having a shocker and it's the same old Arsenal, leaving Leicester and Tottenham. If one of them win it they will have deserved it, but I can't see that happening next season, or the season after. Kya, Bolton.No, it doesn't happen now and then. It happened to Blackburn but they were spending money like a big club, so Leicester's position is unique. You can't just glibly dismiss Louis van Gaal or Wenger as one-season anomalies. Van Gaal was regarded as one of the finest coaches in Europe, Wenger is coming up to 20 years at Arsenal. If he's such a hack, why haven't Arsenal yielded to a club of Leicester's size before? It isn't Leicester alone that frightens the biggest clubs; it is Leicester, and the emergence of other clubs like them.AC Milan won the Champions League less than 10 years ago – hardly 'several generations ago' as you state. Also, given that a generation is considered to be around 25 years, that includes almost all of the Silvio Berlusconi era, quite a successful period I'm led to believe. Ever heard of Marco van Basten, Ruud Gullit, Andriy Shevchenko, Kaka, Zvonimir Boban, George Weah, Andrea Pirlo, Paolo Maldini, Clarence Seedorf and Franco Baresi? Harry, Barbican.Heard of them, watched them play, talked to many of them quite recently, when we stayed in the same hotel during the 2014 World Cup. Retired now, mostly. Grey hair, like a fag, not quite as lithe as they used to be. That's my point about generations.  Funny how you've stretched the definition of to 25 years – so when The Who sung about My Generation in 1965, they were encompassing people who were young in 1940, or rather throwing it forward to teenagers from 1990 – but even your broad definition doesn't quite rope in the European Cups Milan won in 1989 and 1990. Generations are far shorter than you would have us believe, certainly in football terms, when a career at the top can last little more than 10 years. Milan want access to the Champions League on the back of history, some of it ancient. Even the recent European trophy you cite feels distant. Of the 14 players that were involved for Milan when they beat Liverpool in the 2007 Champions League final, 10 are retired, and only one remains active in a major European league, Alberto Gilardino who was then a young player and came on as a substitute for two minutes. Pirlo and Kaka are seeing out their careers in Major League Soccer, while Dida, the goalkeeper is back in Brazil with Internacional. He is 42.  \n (From left) Roger Daltrey, John Entwistle, Pete Townshend and Keith Moon released My Generation in 1965Big-club syndrome is also why Aston Villa and, possibly, Newcastle will get relegated, because they think they have a right to be in the Premier League – just as the big five think they have a right to win it. Kevin Bailey, Cambridge.I do think some of the teams at the bottom have become rather complacent, just like the big five, but they lack the political clout to negotiate their way through, which is what was being attempted at the Dorchester.At last some good comments on here from football people rather than the cynics who take every feeble opportunity to slate the opposition with uneducated comments. But don't forget you cynics, our bubble will burst, lucky run, no strength in depth, one man team, Vardy dives, weak Premier League, less than 40 per cent possession, kick and run, lucky last-minute goals… Yet five points clear and those around us taking points from one another. Foxes never quit. Wear The Fox Hat, Leicester.Mate, it's brilliant. Just don't pretend you saw it coming.When Fenway Sports Group bought Liverpool they asked why they couldn't sell overseas TV rights. It's this deal centred on the fanbases of Manchester United, Arsenal and Liverpool that subsidises the rest of the Premier League and pays for parachute payments in the Championship. Very few around the world are paying to watch Stoke versus Swansea or Southampton versus West Brom, yet the big clubs are subsidising these teams to be a threat. They will never stop the collective deal as 15 clubs will vote against it in self-interest, so why wouldn't the bigger clubs look to ways to redress this? Scudamore said a decline in Manchester United is bad for the Premier League as it affects the global TV audiences. So those at the top of the game know it's a fine balance between keeping the Premier League competitive and giving the TV companies of the world what they want. Anyway, I don't think Leicester are the problem to the big five – it's more the teams like West Ham and Stoke who are pushing on and closing the gap. These clubs have hugely benefitted from the collective TV deal getting millions from the fanbases and success of the big five. Who wants to be paying for their rivals to be bigger than them? A Drunken Horse, United Kingdom.West Ham and Stoke are never going to be bigger than Manchester United and Arsenal and it is the collective competitiveness of the Premier League that sells, not just the fanbase of three clubs. When you go abroad they show Premier League games through the day and night – all of them, not just the handful involving Liverpool, or United – and in 2013-14 season the biggest audience for any game in the United States was Swansea versus Cardiff City. So while Scudamore knows that United are a huge draw, he also understands it is a package that is being sold and he is far too smart to attempt to tilt the table in United's favour. It is a myth that United are suffering simply because of the television deal. The huge fanbase that you talk about affords them superior revenue streams and the biggest turnover in world football. In recent seasons, they have achieved a poor sporting return from those resources. United are not trailing Leicester because Swansea and Southampton get an enlarged cut of the TV deal; they have fallen behind because they have failed to handle the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson, an event they should have been anticipating for many years. In the end, this season, Leicester have managed their money and their club better than United. I am reminded of a line of dialogue from Clint Eastwood's High Plains Drifter.Sarah Belding: You're a man who makes people afraid, and that's dangerous.The Stranger: It's what people know about themselves inside that makes 'em afraid.The boys at the top are far more interested in clinching a deal for an official South-East Asian noodle partner. As a Manchester United fan I sincerely hope Leicester go on and do the unthinkable this year. PaulRich74, Dubai.My attention was drawn this week to a photograph of Dwight Yorke sitting at the wheel of a Manchester United branded tractor. Yanmar of Japan are apparently United's new 'agricultural vehicle partner'. Well done, everyone. Well done, indeed.Well, I for one am glad Leicester are up there and I hope they win and get the glory and Champions League entry they deserve. As for Manchester City, I agree. To be seen in the same room as the clubs that tried to do us over with financial fair play is sickening. I hope it's a case of keeping your friends close and your enemies closer. MCFC OK, Manchester.Whatever it is, it stinks. And I was disappointed with City, too. The rest of them, I expect it, they've been that way for years, but I genuinely thought City were different, knew where they had come from, and wouldn't shut the door on any other club trying to do the same. I know that makes me sound naive, but I don't mind being naive. All cynics start out as optimists and it's good to know I'm not quite there yet. Not quite.  \n Overseas fans are big business - but who remembers how Chelsea got on in last summer's Champions Cup?Most of these men had a leading role in introducing FFP. The more you look at that farce the more you realise FFP was little more than an enormous con to ring-fence access to the Champions League. Kevbin, London.Yes, if only someone had spotted that and written about it for eight years prior to the event. (Sideways glance to camera, begin eye rolling sequence now.)I hate the thought that my club, through hard work and a bit of luck, would be denied a chance to play in the Champions League on merit. Sport is about competition to see who is the best, not who is the richest. A game in a real tournament has far more edge and excitement attached than some puffed up meaningless friendly. Hatter, Bedford.And right here is why the closed shop is the death of football. I take it that this poster is a fan of Luton Town, the Hatters, from Bedfordshire. Right now, his team are 12th in the fourth tier, but he still dreams that one day they could play in the Champions League. Take that away and why support Luton? If there is not so much a glass ceiling as a real one, limiting the possibility of achievement, then what's the point?The arrogance of the elite Premier League clubs is quite breathtaking. They are all going to have to accept that it's about to level off. Rolster, Bournemouth.Football like it used to be, you mean? When every season started with the thought that anything was possible? Amen to that.I know it's special, but can we stop patronising Leicester and treat them as one of the big teams instead of an ugly duckling. Davidb1, Ipsden.But they're not a big team, David. It's not patronising, it's the reality, and it is precisely what makes them special.What a load of drivel. Leicester have been amazing and I think we're all happy for them, but to say that the likes of Chelsea and Man United – global powerhouses – are scared of them? Please. Nadal Fan, Melbourne.If they aren't scared why are they trying to change the rules? Chelsea, a global powerhouse? Chelsea are to football what Simon Cowell is to music: lots of money, no class, no style and 100 per cent plastic. Boleyn Ad, Oxfordshire.I'm with you on Cowell, if not on Chelsea. But your first point is spot on.Let's say they are the elite, but how? They became elite clubs because they won through to the Champions League with a process of qualification they now want to destroy. Why must it be a big five? I would prefer a big 100, and the same amount of Leicesters. Blueboy 26, Rwanda.Me, too, Blueboy. Never going to happen, but we can dream.Maybe if the current league table stays as it stands now, the arrogance of Manchester claiming exclusivity of United and City will also end. It should instead refer to West Ham United and Leicester City. Big Len Davinci, Tuscany.That has nothing to do with the Manchester clubs. Think about it. We call Leicester 'Leicester' because it distinguishes them, same with West Ham. Using Manchester would distinguish neither blues nor reds, so we use United and City.What Leicester have achieved this season is fantastic but please can we not get ahead of ourselves. If they win the league no one will ever be able to take that away from them, but the true test will be if they are able to earn a European spot next season and show they can consistently compete with the traditional big clubs. Remember Blackburn won the league, admittedly under different circumstances, but I would have been far more impressed if they had won the league and kept that momentum for more than a season. Will Leicester be able to replicate this with a heavier fixture load and more competition commitments? Top six is hardly a certainty next season if you ask me. Oliver K, United Kingdom.If Oliver had been around in Utah in 1982, he would have been at the back of Robert Jarvik's lab, saying: 'Yeah, well, Rob it's all well and good inventing an artificial heart, but what would be more impressive is if you came back next year with, you know, an artificial brain or something. That would show you can really compete.' It's a miracle, Oliver. Don't you get that? To do it even one season is a miracle. In medical terms, Leicester's success is an artificial heart – and brain.I totally agree with you on this. Being a Manchester United fan from India, I got into the game pretty recently, around 2000. What attracted me to Manchester United was the winning, playing in Europe year in and year out, because of domestic dominance. If the Champions League becomes an invitational, the players would lose the desire to perform well in the league. This might work out as detrimental to the brand development. With fans now coming from all over the world, it is very important to win to attract new fans. Most of the people in other parts of the world who actually represent a larger percentage of the fan following, do not feel the same connection as the British fans. Winning is what attracts them, not participation in the Champions League. An invitational would lose its aura and lead to mediocrity. The best teams should qualify. Susrut Bharali, Houston.Thank you for your honesty. Usually new fans dress it up a little more than that. 'What attracted me to Manchester United was the winning…' Deep down, we always knew.Best rant I've read in ages. Dannyboy, London.Have you heard this one, though? Magnificent stuff.As a City fan, I choose to ignore the fact that we sold our souls to the elite because we had suffered for so many years, especially at the hands of United. Leicester are not as small as you make them out to be either, Martin, they've got new owners and investment too. If you were talking Burnley at the top, it would make your argument stronger. Ranieri couldn't have taken over at a better time. Nigel Pearson left him a very nice set-up that was just ready to ripen. I think if he got a call from Arsenal or Manchester United he'd snatch their hands off. I think Ranieri is the one being arrogant, he's on a roll but he's not won anything just yet. Ima Soul, Heard Island And McDonald Islands.Ranieri is about the least arrogant manager in the Premier League right now, and what Nigel Pearson left him was a team in good form, but having just survived the trauma of relegation. If it was such a cushy number, how come so many tipped them to go down?Couldn't have happened to a better bloke – Ranieri was the manager who made Chelsea what they are today, not Jose Mourinho. It was him who brought in John Terry, Frank Lampard and Petr Cech, him who got Chelsea to fourth place resulting in Abramovich buying the club. He was the one who laid the foundations and it's a shame he didn't get the recognition he deserved. Hopefully he will if Leicester win the title. Park That Bus, London.Cech did not play a single game for Ranieri, while Terry made his debut on October 28, 1998 almost two years before Ranieri took over. And Abramovich did not buy the club because Chelsea came fourth in 2002-03. As is well documented he was inspired by Manchester United's match with Real Madrid, and first tried for Tottenham, but was asked a figure he considered excessive. Ranieri did not do a bad job at Chelsea at all, but to talk of him as if he did all the work for Mourinho is preposterous.Ranieri got to the Champions League semi-final and lost. Mourinho has won it twice. And he won the league twice in his first spell, too. Mourinho is clearly the better manager. One fantastic season at Leicester doesn't change the last 15 years of football history. Johnnyboy12, Sheffield.Ranieri lost in the Champions League semi-final in season 2003-04 to Monaco, who were then soundly beaten by Porto in the final. The manager of that Porto team was… Mourinho. He then went on to win two Premier League titles, two League Cups and the FA Cup in his first spell at Chelsea. Ranieri won no trophies. Ranieri's achievement this season is magnificent, and he seems a lovely man, but Mourinho's record over the last two decades is far superior. Would winning the league with Leicester outstrip any single season success of Mourinho, though? Yes, it probably would. Then again, I think it would outstrip any single season success of Sir Alex Ferguson, too – maybe even the Treble, because for a very good Manchester United to win three trophies in one season was never a 5,000-1 shot. Leicester were 5,000-1 when this campaign started, and fairly priced at that, too.Chelsea were in financial trouble when Raneri got them to fourth with limited funds. If they didn't Abramovich would have looked elsewhere and Mourinho would never have been the manager for Chelsea. This has nothing to do with how much he has won but his impact on the club. You are an embarrassment if that can't get through your thick head. I know you have a love affair with Mourinho but that doesn't alter the facts. Park that Bus, London.It's facts you want, is it? Here are some of the players bought by Ranieri with the limited funds before Abramovich's arrival: Lampard (£11m), William Gallas (£6.2m), Jesper Gronkjaer (£7.8m), Boudewijn Zenden (£7.8m) and Emmanuel Petit (£7.5m). Once Abramovich arrived, Ranieri could also call on Damien Duff, Joe Cole, Wayne Bridge, Glen Johnson, Juan Sebastian Veron, Hernan Crespo, Claude Makelele and Adrian Mutu in his final season. He had a positive impact on the club, but Mourinho created the elite Chelsea of today, not Ranieri. Mourinho's first spell is the reason Buck was sitting around that table at the Dorchester.Is this not one of those seasons that pops up every now and then? Do we honestly believe that Leicester would be clear at the top of the table if Manchester City, Manchester United and Arsenal had not have received so many injuries to top players? What is never mentioned is that they have been awarded 10 penalties with the nearest being five. Good luck to Leicester but it will be down to earth next season, when their new-found fans stay at home. Joey, Stockport.What a bitter little post. What does it matter how many penalties Leicester have been awarded, unless you are saying they were the result of 10 mistakes, or 10 dives? As for the injuries, clubs with the resources of the three you mentioned will never mine much sympathy there. And, no, it isn't one of those seasons that pops up. There is no precedent for this, certainly not in the Premier League era.Ever considered that the international fan base which the Premier League caters for care more about the big names, than someone like Leicester? We don't want to watch Leicester versus Real Madrid, we want to watch one of the big five, whether they earn the right or not. End of the day you have to give the fans what they want, these teams are followed by fans all around the world, and that fanbase is bigger outside the UK then in it. KiwiPerception, Palmerston North.Newsflash: we don't care what you want. Now go away. (And that, of course, was the polite version and I trust I speak for many on here.)Not running scared. The last four games will add to the pressure and with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge as the final game, Leicester will begin to feel that pressure. Sacre Blue, Chelsea.If they haven't already won the league by then. They are five points ahead. It may not go to the last day and for Chelsea it may well be a dead rubber, or the week before the FA Cup final. Either way, I don't see Herculean effort coming from the poorest champions in Premier League history.It is a bit hypocritical from the writer when he doesn't want more teams at the European Championship and World Cup. Expanding the tournaments may well be boring to watch for supporters of huge football nations like England, Spain, Italy and Germany but it gives hope to the lesser nations, and it can allow them to dream, just like Leicester fans will when they play against Europe's elite next season. Hendrox, Newcastle.Yes, but Leicester will be there on merit, not by arbitrarily expanding the numbers. That is a fundamental difference. It's not as if UEFA have suddenly let eight English teams in and plucky Leicester have been scooped up. They could be champions, or at the very least top four. They are not the beneficiaries of a lucky loser scheme, created to garner votes.Writing as a Manchester City supporter I believe English fans wouldn't be interested in a franchise competition. It smacks of Harlem Globetrotters entertainment, rigged and phoney. We'll take our chance with proper competition and if the Sheik retires then some other team can have their day in the sun. It's been that way for 125 years and it's worked. Ericlo, Manchester.If Sheik Mansour retires, Manchester City are in a sufficient position of strength now to attract a suitable buyer, but I take your point.You are posing silly questions. Leicester are doing a great job, but do you really think large numbers of people want to watch them in the Champions League? Manchester United are playing Liverpool in the much derided Europa League this week. If that game was on worldwide television it would draw a far larger audience than top-of-the-table Leicester versus Watford. The small clubs may not like it, but that's the reality. Ferdinand, London.Yes, but so what? Sport is about meritocracy, not some willy-waving competition about who gets the most viewers in Mauritius.I'm really enjoying watching the elite clubs getting stuffed this season. Hope Leicester can hold on and win it. Young Male, Sydney.I know, there has been a real backlash against the big clubs over this. Manchester United fans talk about the ABU syndrome, but this feels more like Anyone But The Big Five. ABTBF. I know. I'm not saying it's catchy, I'm just saying the mood exists.The only arrogant people I see and hear are Leicester, their fans and the neutral few who hate the established elite. If anyone is smug and arrogant it's the media, Ranieri and a few Leicester players thinking they've already won the title. Jason Halfpenny, Portsmouth.I don't recognise those people at all. Leicester are not an arrogant club, their players are not acting as if the league is won, far from it, and the fans, media and neutrals who want them to win the league are reacting to what they see as an imbalance of power, rather than driving a movement. The elite five started this, don't forget. What did they expect? And as today's debate has seemingly been brought to you by the number five it only seems appropriate that we end with this. Until next time.\n\n\nRELATED ARTICLES\n\nPrevious\n1\nNext\n\n\n\n\n\n\nClaudio Ranieri is right... Leicester have the arrogant Big...\n\n\n\nLiverpool vs Manchester United is never just a pub game......\n\n\n\nPremier League clubs will cap ALL away tickets at £30 for...\n\n\n\nMARTIN SAMUEL: Sunderland supporters deserve answers from...\n\n\n\n\n\nShare this article\nShare\n19 shares\n\n\n\n 